NAME                                                            ROLE                                                                        AGE
aws-node                                                        ClusterRole/aws-node                                                        2d
cert-manager-cainjector                                         ClusterRole/cert-manager-cainjector                                         3h2m
cert-manager-controller-approve:cert-manager-io                 ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-approve:cert-manager-io                 3h2m
cert-manager-controller-certificates                            ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-certificates                            3h2m
cert-manager-controller-certificatesigningrequests              ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-certificatesigningrequests              3h2m
cert-manager-controller-challenges                              ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-challenges                              3h2m
cert-manager-controller-clusterissuers                          ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-clusterissuers                          3h2m
cert-manager-controller-ingress-shim                            ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-ingress-shim                            3h2m
cert-manager-controller-issuers                                 ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-issuers                                 3h2m
cert-manager-controller-orders                                  ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-orders                                  3h2m
cert-manager-webhook:subjectaccessreviews                       ClusterRole/cert-manager-webhook:subjectaccessreviews                       3h2m
cluster-admin                                                   ClusterRole/cluster-admin                                                   2d
ebs-csi-attacher-binding                                        ClusterRole/ebs-external-attacher-role                                      44h
ebs-csi-node-getter-binding                                     ClusterRole/ebs-csi-node-role                                               44h
ebs-csi-provisioner-binding                                     ClusterRole/ebs-external-provisioner-role                                   44h
ebs-csi-resizer-binding                                         ClusterRole/ebs-external-resizer-role                                       44h
ebs-csi-snapshotter-binding                                     ClusterRole/ebs-external-snapshotter-role                                   44h
eks:addon-cluster-admin                                         ClusterRole/cluster-admin                                                   2d
eks:addon-manager                                               ClusterRole/eks:addon-manager                                               2d
eks:az-poller                                                   ClusterRole/eks:az-poller                                                   2d
eks:certificate-controller                                      ClusterRole/system:controller:certificate-controller                        2d
eks:certificate-controller-approver                             ClusterRole/eks:certificate-controller-approver                             2d
eks:certificate-controller-manager                              ClusterRole/eks:certificate-controller-manager                              2d
eks:certificate-controller-signer                               ClusterRole/eks:certificate-controller-signer                               2d
eks:cloud-controller-manager                                    ClusterRole/eks:cloud-controller-manager                                    2d
eks:cloud-provider-extraction-migration                         ClusterRole/eks:cloud-provider-extraction-migration                         2d
eks:cluster-event-watcher                                       ClusterRole/eks:cluster-event-watcher                                       2d
eks:coredns-autoscaler                                          ClusterRole/eks:coredns-autoscaler                                          2d
eks:extension-metrics-apiserver                                 ClusterRole/eks:extension-metrics-apiserver                                 2d
eks:extension-metrics-apiserver-auth-delegator                  ClusterRole/system:auth-delegator                                           2d
eks:fargate-manager                                             ClusterRole/eks:fargate-manager                                             2d
eks:fargate-scheduler                                           ClusterRole/eks:fargate-scheduler                                           2d
eks:k8s-metrics                                                 ClusterRole/eks:k8s-metrics                                                 2d
eks:kube-proxy                                                  ClusterRole/system:node-proxier                                             2d
eks:kube-proxy-fargate                                          ClusterRole/system:node-proxier                                             2d
eks:kube-proxy-windows                                          ClusterRole/system:node-proxier                                             2d
eks:network-policy-controller                                   ClusterRole/eks:network-policy-controller                                   2d
eks:network-webhooks                                            ClusterRole/eks:network-webhooks                                            2d
eks:node-bootstrapper                                           ClusterRole/eks:node-bootstrapper                                           2d
eks:node-manager                                                ClusterRole/eks:node-manager                                                2d
eks:nodewatcher                                                 ClusterRole/eks:nodewatcher                                                 2d
eks:pod-identity-mutating-webhook                               ClusterRole/eks:pod-identity-mutating-webhook                               2d
eks:service-operations                                          ClusterRole/eks:service-operations                                          2d
eks:tagging-controller                                          ClusterRole/eks:tagging-controller                                          2d
flink-job-binding                                               ClusterRole/edit                                                            85m
flink-operator                                                  ClusterRole/flink-operator                                                  141m
flink-operator-role-binding                                     ClusterRole/flink-operator                                                  150m
metrics-server:system:auth-delegator                            ClusterRole/system:auth-delegator                                           46h
strimzi-cluster-operator                                        ClusterRole/strimzi-cluster-operator-global                                 29h
strimzi-cluster-operator-kafka-broker-delegation                ClusterRole/strimzi-kafka-broker                                            29h
strimzi-cluster-operator-kafka-client-delegation                ClusterRole/strimzi-kafka-client                                            29h
system:basic-user                                               ClusterRole/system:basic-user                                               2d
system:controller:attachdetach-controller                       ClusterRole/system:controller:attachdetach-controller                       2d
system:controller:certificate-controller                        ClusterRole/system:controller:certificate-controller                        2d
system:controller:clusterrole-aggregation-controller            ClusterRole/system:controller:clusterrole-aggregation-controller            2d
system:controller:cronjob-controller                            ClusterRole/system:controller:cronjob-controller                            2d
system:controller:daemon-set-controller                         ClusterRole/system:controller:daemon-set-controller                         2d
system:controller:deployment-controller                         ClusterRole/system:controller:deployment-controller                         2d
system:controller:disruption-controller                         ClusterRole/system:controller:disruption-controller                         2d
system:controller:endpoint-controller                           ClusterRole/system:controller:endpoint-controller                           2d
system:controller:endpointslice-controller                      ClusterRole/system:controller:endpointslice-controller                      2d
system:controller:endpointslicemirroring-controller             ClusterRole/system:controller:endpointslicemirroring-controller             2d
system:controller:ephemeral-volume-controller                   ClusterRole/system:controller:ephemeral-volume-controller                   2d
system:controller:expand-controller                             ClusterRole/system:controller:expand-controller                             2d
system:controller:generic-garbage-collector                     ClusterRole/system:controller:generic-garbage-collector                     2d
system:controller:horizontal-pod-autoscaler                     ClusterRole/system:controller:horizontal-pod-autoscaler                     2d
system:controller:job-controller                                ClusterRole/system:controller:job-controller                                2d
system:controller:legacy-service-account-token-cleaner          ClusterRole/system:controller:legacy-service-account-token-cleaner          2d
system:controller:namespace-controller                          ClusterRole/system:controller:namespace-controller                          2d
system:controller:node-controller                               ClusterRole/system:controller:node-controller                               2d
system:controller:persistent-volume-binder                      ClusterRole/system:controller:persistent-volume-binder                      2d
system:controller:pod-garbage-collector                         ClusterRole/system:controller:pod-garbage-collector                         2d
system:controller:pv-protection-controller                      ClusterRole/system:controller:pv-protection-controller                      2d
system:controller:pvc-protection-controller                     ClusterRole/system:controller:pvc-protection-controller                     2d
system:controller:replicaset-controller                         ClusterRole/system:controller:replicaset-controller                         2d
system:controller:replication-controller                        ClusterRole/system:controller:replication-controller                        2d
system:controller:resourcequota-controller                      ClusterRole/system:controller:resourcequota-controller                      2d
system:controller:root-ca-cert-publisher                        ClusterRole/system:controller:root-ca-cert-publisher                        2d
system:controller:route-controller                              ClusterRole/system:controller:route-controller                              2d
system:controller:service-account-controller                    ClusterRole/system:controller:service-account-controller                    2d
system:controller:service-controller                            ClusterRole/system:controller:service-controller                            2d
system:controller:statefulset-controller                        ClusterRole/system:controller:statefulset-controller                        2d
system:controller:ttl-after-finished-controller                 ClusterRole/system:controller:ttl-after-finished-controller                 2d
system:controller:ttl-controller                                ClusterRole/system:controller:ttl-controller                                2d
system:controller:validatingadmissionpolicy-status-controller   ClusterRole/system:controller:validatingadmissionpolicy-status-controller   2d
system:coredns                                                  ClusterRole/system:coredns                                                  2d
system:discovery                                                ClusterRole/system:discovery                                                2d
system:kube-controller-manager                                  ClusterRole/system:kube-controller-manager                                  2d
system:kube-dns                                                 ClusterRole/system:kube-dns                                                 2d
system:kube-scheduler                                           ClusterRole/system:kube-scheduler                                           2d
system:metrics-server                                           ClusterRole/system:metrics-server                                           46h
system:monitoring                                               ClusterRole/system:monitoring                                               2d
system:node                                                     ClusterRole/system:node                                                     2d
system:node-proxier                                             ClusterRole/system:node-proxier                                             2d
system:public-info-viewer                                       ClusterRole/system:public-info-viewer                                       2d
system:service-account-issuer-discovery                         ClusterRole/system:service-account-issuer-discovery                         2d
system:volume-scheduler                                         ClusterRole/system:volume-scheduler                                         2d
vpc-resource-controller-rolebinding                             ClusterRole/vpc-resource-controller-role                                    2d
NAME                                                            ROLE                                                                        AGE
aws-node                                                        ClusterRole/aws-node                                                        2d
cert-manager-cainjector                                         ClusterRole/cert-manager-cainjector                                         3h3m
cert-manager-controller-approve:cert-manager-io                 ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-approve:cert-manager-io                 3h3m
cert-manager-controller-certificates                            ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-certificates                            3h3m
cert-manager-controller-certificatesigningrequests              ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-certificatesigningrequests              3h3m
cert-manager-controller-challenges                              ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-challenges                              3h3m
cert-manager-controller-clusterissuers                          ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-clusterissuers                          3h3m
cert-manager-controller-ingress-shim                            ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-ingress-shim                            3h3m
cert-manager-controller-issuers                                 ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-issuers                                 3h3m
cert-manager-controller-orders                                  ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-orders                                  3h3m
cert-manager-webhook:subjectaccessreviews                       ClusterRole/cert-manager-webhook:subjectaccessreviews                       3h3m
cluster-admin                                                   ClusterRole/cluster-admin                                                   2d
ebs-csi-attacher-binding                                        ClusterRole/ebs-external-attacher-role                                      44h
ebs-csi-node-getter-binding                                     ClusterRole/ebs-csi-node-role                                               44h
ebs-csi-provisioner-binding                                     ClusterRole/ebs-external-provisioner-role                                   44h
ebs-csi-resizer-binding                                         ClusterRole/ebs-external-resizer-role                                       44h
ebs-csi-snapshotter-binding                                     ClusterRole/ebs-external-snapshotter-role                                   44h
eks:addon-cluster-admin                                         ClusterRole/cluster-admin                                                   2d
eks:addon-manager                                               ClusterRole/eks:addon-manager                                               2d
eks:az-poller                                                   ClusterRole/eks:az-poller                                                   2d
eks:certificate-controller                                      ClusterRole/system:controller:certificate-controller                        2d
eks:certificate-controller-approver                             ClusterRole/eks:certificate-controller-approver                             2d
eks:certificate-controller-manager                              ClusterRole/eks:certificate-controller-manager                              2d
eks:certificate-controller-signer                               ClusterRole/eks:certificate-controller-signer                               2d
eks:cloud-controller-manager                                    ClusterRole/eks:cloud-controller-manager                                    2d
eks:cloud-provider-extraction-migration                         ClusterRole/eks:cloud-provider-extraction-migration                         2d
eks:cluster-event-watcher                                       ClusterRole/eks:cluster-event-watcher                                       2d
eks:coredns-autoscaler                                          ClusterRole/eks:coredns-autoscaler                                          2d
eks:extension-metrics-apiserver                                 ClusterRole/eks:extension-metrics-apiserver                                 2d
eks:extension-metrics-apiserver-auth-delegator                  ClusterRole/system:auth-delegator                                           2d
eks:fargate-manager                                             ClusterRole/eks:fargate-manager                                             2d
eks:fargate-scheduler                                           ClusterRole/eks:fargate-scheduler                                           2d
eks:k8s-metrics                                                 ClusterRole/eks:k8s-metrics                                                 2d
eks:kube-proxy                                                  ClusterRole/system:node-proxier                                             2d
eks:kube-proxy-fargate                                          ClusterRole/system:node-proxier                                             2d
eks:kube-proxy-windows                                          ClusterRole/system:node-proxier                                             2d
eks:network-policy-controller                                   ClusterRole/eks:network-policy-controller                                   2d
eks:network-webhooks                                            ClusterRole/eks:network-webhooks                                            2d
eks:node-bootstrapper                                           ClusterRole/eks:node-bootstrapper                                           2d
eks:node-manager                                                ClusterRole/eks:node-manager                                                2d
eks:nodewatcher                                                 ClusterRole/eks:nodewatcher                                                 2d
eks:pod-identity-mutating-webhook                               ClusterRole/eks:pod-identity-mutating-webhook                               2d
eks:service-operations                                          ClusterRole/eks:service-operations                                          2d
eks:tagging-controller                                          ClusterRole/eks:tagging-controller                                          2d
flink-job-binding                                               ClusterRole/edit                                                            86m
flink-operator                                                  ClusterRole/flink-operator                                                  142m
flink-operator-role-binding                                     ClusterRole/flink-operator                                                  151m
metrics-server:system:auth-delegator                            ClusterRole/system:auth-delegator                                           47h
strimzi-cluster-operator                                        ClusterRole/strimzi-cluster-operator-global                                 29h
strimzi-cluster-operator-kafka-broker-delegation                ClusterRole/strimzi-kafka-broker                                            29h
strimzi-cluster-operator-kafka-client-delegation                ClusterRole/strimzi-kafka-client                                            29h
system:basic-user                                               ClusterRole/system:basic-user                                               2d
system:controller:attachdetach-controller                       ClusterRole/system:controller:attachdetach-controller                       2d
system:controller:certificate-controller                        ClusterRole/system:controller:certificate-controller                        2d
system:controller:clusterrole-aggregation-controller            ClusterRole/system:controller:clusterrole-aggregation-controller            2d
system:controller:cronjob-controller                            ClusterRole/system:controller:cronjob-controller                            2d
system:controller:daemon-set-controller                         ClusterRole/system:controller:daemon-set-controller                         2d
system:controller:deployment-controller                         ClusterRole/system:controller:deployment-controller                         2d
system:controller:disruption-controller                         ClusterRole/system:controller:disruption-controller                         2d
system:controller:endpoint-controller                           ClusterRole/system:controller:endpoint-controller                           2d
system:controller:endpointslice-controller                      ClusterRole/system:controller:endpointslice-controller                      2d
system:controller:endpointslicemirroring-controller             ClusterRole/system:controller:endpointslicemirroring-controller             2d
system:controller:ephemeral-volume-controller                   ClusterRole/system:controller:ephemeral-volume-controller                   2d
system:controller:expand-controller                             ClusterRole/system:controller:expand-controller                             2d
system:controller:generic-garbage-collector                     ClusterRole/system:controller:generic-garbage-collector                     2d
system:controller:horizontal-pod-autoscaler                     ClusterRole/system:controller:horizontal-pod-autoscaler                     2d
system:controller:job-controller                                ClusterRole/system:controller:job-controller                                2d
system:controller:legacy-service-account-token-cleaner          ClusterRole/system:controller:legacy-service-account-token-cleaner          2d
system:controller:namespace-controller                          ClusterRole/system:controller:namespace-controller                          2d
system:controller:node-controller                               ClusterRole/system:controller:node-controller                               2d
system:controller:persistent-volume-binder                      ClusterRole/system:controller:persistent-volume-binder                      2d
system:controller:pod-garbage-collector                         ClusterRole/system:controller:pod-garbage-collector                         2d
system:controller:pv-protection-controller                      ClusterRole/system:controller:pv-protection-controller                      2d
system:controller:pvc-protection-controller                     ClusterRole/system:controller:pvc-protection-controller                     2d
system:controller:replicaset-controller                         ClusterRole/system:controller:replicaset-controller                         2d
system:controller:replication-controller                        ClusterRole/system:controller:replication-controller                        2d
system:controller:resourcequota-controller                      ClusterRole/system:controller:resourcequota-controller                      2d
system:controller:root-ca-cert-publisher                        ClusterRole/system:controller:root-ca-cert-publisher                        2d
system:controller:route-controller                              ClusterRole/system:controller:route-controller                              2d
system:controller:service-account-controller                    ClusterRole/system:controller:service-account-controller                    2d
system:controller:service-controller                            ClusterRole/system:controller:service-controller                            2d
system:controller:statefulset-controller                        ClusterRole/system:controller:statefulset-controller                        2d
system:controller:ttl-after-finished-controller                 ClusterRole/system:controller:ttl-after-finished-controller                 2d
system:controller:ttl-controller                                ClusterRole/system:controller:ttl-controller                                2d
system:controller:validatingadmissionpolicy-status-controller   ClusterRole/system:controller:validatingadmissionpolicy-status-controller   2d
system:coredns                                                  ClusterRole/system:coredns                                                  2d
system:discovery                                                ClusterRole/system:discovery                                                2d
system:kube-controller-manager                                  ClusterRole/system:kube-controller-manager                                  2d
system:kube-dns                                                 ClusterRole/system:kube-dns                                                 2d
system:kube-scheduler                                           ClusterRole/system:kube-scheduler                                           2d
system:metrics-server                                           ClusterRole/system:metrics-server                                           47h
system:monitoring                                               ClusterRole/system:monitoring                                               2d
system:node                                                     ClusterRole/system:node                                                     2d
system:node-proxier                                             ClusterRole/system:node-proxier                                             2d
system:public-info-viewer                                       ClusterRole/system:public-info-viewer                                       2d
system:service-account-issuer-discovery                         ClusterRole/system:service-account-issuer-discovery                         2d
system:volume-scheduler                                         ClusterRole/system:volume-scheduler                                         2d
vpc-resource-controller-rolebinding                             ClusterRole/vpc-resource-controller-role                                    2d
